In this assessment, you will use will be tested on your knowledge of javascript
concepts from Section 2 of the video lectures. Answer them in YOUR OWN WORDS.
Feel free to provide examples to help illustrate your train of thought.

1. What is a syntax parser?

A syntax parser is a program that evaluates one's code in order to determine its validity syntactically and translate in a way the computer can understand.

2. What is a lexical environment?

A lexical environment is where a code is written and the environment/function surrounding it determines what it does.

eg
function assessment() {
  let environment = 'atom';
}
 lexically, the variable environment is sitting inside the assessment function which is the environment.

3. What is the execution context?

The execution context manages which lexical environment that is currently running.

4. What are name/value pairs?

Name value pairs are names with characteristic values which are unique to the names.
eg
const myName = 'Chioma';

myName is the name while 'Chioma' is the value.

5. What is an Object?

An object is a library of name/value pairs.

myProfile: {
          Name: {
          firstName: 'Chioma',
          middleName: 'Adaku'
        }
          Age: 22,
          Size: 10,
          Height: 5'7"

}

myProfile in the above is the object name while the properties inside are the name/value pairs.

6. What does it mean that something is "Global"?

A code is Global if it is not inside any function. It is accessible from anywhere in the code.

7. Explain how hoisting works in Javascript.

In the running of the execution context during the creation phase, a memory space is set-up specially for functions and variables. The functions and its entirety is placed into memory space unlike the variable which just takes a placeholder(undefined) until the line by line execution when the value is finally set from the code.

eg
console.log(b

let b = 'Meet Simpcy';
// returns undefined

while
profile(Simpcy)

function profile(name) {
  console.log('Meet' + name);
}
//outputs Simpcy is not defined

profile()

function profile() {
  console.log('Meet Simpcy');
}
//outputs Meet Simpcy

8. What does undefined mean?

Undefined means that a variable has no value set to it.

let a;
console.log(a);
//returns undefined

9. Explain the concept of Scope?

Scope is used to express where a variable/function is accessed. It could be a global scope when not found inside a function or a block scope when inside a block of code.

10. Javascript is single threaded. What does this mean?

Jvascript runs in a single threaded manner in that it executes one line of command at a time.

11. What is the difference between synchronous and asynchronous?

Synchronous means executing one line of code at a time and in order which is typical of javaScript while,

Asynchronous means executing more than one code at a time which is typical of a browser running javaScript codes and other pieces of code.
